feat: additional possibility to customize header for proxy secrets (#39)
Unleash/unleash-proxy: README.md

| -------------   |----------------------     |----------     |:--------:|---------------|
| unleashUrl      |`UNLEASH_URL`              | n/a           | yes      | API Url to the Unleash instance to connect to |
| unleashApiToken | `UNLEASH_API_TOKEN`       | n/a           | yes      | API token (client) needed to connect to Unleash API. |

> | clientKeys      | `UNLEASH_CLIENT_KEYS`     | n/a           | yes      | List of proxy secrets the proxy accept. Proxy SDKs needs to set the Proxy secret as the `Authorization` header (or another specified under `clientKeysHeaderName` option) when querying the proxy | 

Reviewer: @thomasheartman renaming the `proxySecrets` option to `clientKeys`, as this causes a lot of confusion sense the SDKs call this a "clientKey". We are still maintaining backward compatibility, but we should update the docs after the proxy is released to drive adoption of the new field.

Reviewer 2: Got it. It's also called the `clientSecret` in some SDKs. Should we update those too to keep them all in sync?

Reviewer: Yes, I was about to check the native SDKs. We should avoid calling it a "secret" as long at it is not expected to be kept as a secret, but rather quite public to all users. I will update this line in the README.md as well to not use the word "secret".

> | clientKeys      | `UNLEASH_CLIENT_KEYS`     | n/a           | yes      | List of proxy secrets the proxy accept. Proxy SDKs needs to set the Proxy secret as the `Authorization` header (or another specified under `clientKeysHeaderName` option) when querying the proxy | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| clientKeys      | `UNLEASH_CLIENT_KEYS`     | n/a           | yes      | List of client keys that the proxy should accept. When querying the proxy, Proxy SDKs must set the request's _client keys header_ to one of these values. The default client keys header is `Authorization`. | 
```

Reviewer: thanks. added manually

> | proxySecrets    | `UNLEASH_PROXY_SECRETS`   | n/a           | no      | Alias for `clientKeys` in order to keep backward compatibility | 

Reviewer 2: Don't know if it's deprecated or not, but ...

```suggestion
| proxySecrets    | `UNLEASH_PROXY_SECRETS`   | n/a           | no      | Deprecated alias for `clientKeys`. Please use `clientKeys` instead. | 
```

| trustProxy      | `TRUST_PROXY `            | `false`       | no       | By enabling the trustProxy option, Unleash Proxy will have knowledge that it's sitting behind a proxy and that the X-Forwarded-* header fields may be trusted, which otherwise may be easily spoofed. The proxy will automatically enrich the ip address in the Unleash Context. Can either be `true/false` (Trust all proxies), trust only given IP/CIDR (e.g. `'127.0.0.1'`) as a `string`. May be a list of comma separated values (e.g. `'127.0.0.1,192.168.1.1/24'` | 
| namePrefix        | `UNLEASH_NAME_PREFIX`              | undefined        | no       | Used to filter features by using prefix when requesting backend values. | 
| tags        | `UNLEASH_TAGS`              | undefined        | no       | Used to filter features by using tags set for features. Format should be `tagName:tagValue,tagName2:tagValue2` | 

> | proxyHeaderName        | `PROXY_HEADER_NAME`              | "authorization"        | no       | Used to specify under which header will be passed proxy secret | 

Reviewer: Could we name it `proxySecretHeaderName` just to make it super clear that it is connected to the `proxySecrets` and nothing else.

Author: aligned + added test! Thank U ;)

| trustProxy      | `TRUST_PROXY `            | `false`       | no       | By enabling the trustProxy option, Unleash Proxy will have knowledge that it's sitting behind a proxy and that the X-Forwarded-* header fields may be trusted, which otherwise may be easily spoofed. The proxy will automatically enrich the ip address in the Unleash Context. Can either be `true/false` (Trust all proxies), trust only given IP/CIDR (e.g. `'127.0.0.1'`) as a `string`. May be a list of comma separated values (e.g. `'127.0.0.1,192.168.1.1/24'` | 
| namePrefix        | `UNLEASH_NAME_PREFIX`              | undefined        | no       | Used to filter features by using prefix when requesting backend values. | 
| tags        | `UNLEASH_TAGS`              | undefined        | no       | Used to filter features by using tags set for features. Format should be `tagName:tagValue,tagName2:tagValue2` | 

> | clientKeysHeaderName        | `CLIENT_KEYS_HEADER_NAME`              | "authorization"        | no       | Used to specify under which header will be passed proxy client keys | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| clientKeysHeaderName        | `CLIENT_KEYS_HEADER_NAME`              | "authorization"        | no       | The name of the HTTP header to use for client keys. Incoming requests must set the value of this header to one of the Proxy's `clientKeys` to be authorized successfully. | 
```
